Add support for quartz-scheduler (#5413)
apache/skywalking: docs/en/setup/service-agent/java-agent/README.md

* Plugin of Spring Cloud Gateway 2.1.x in optional plugin folder. Please only active this plugin when you install agent in Spring Gateway. spring-cloud-gateway-2.x-plugin and spring-webflux-5.x-plugin are both required.
* Plugin of Spring Transaction in optional plugin folder. The reason of being optional plugin is, many local span are generated, which also spend more CPU, memory and network.
* [Plugin of Kotlin coroutine](agent-optional-plugins/Kotlin-Coroutine-plugin.md) provides the tracing across coroutines automatically. As it will add local spans to all across routines scenarios, Please assess the performance impact.

> * Plugin of quartz-scheduler-2.x in optional plugin folder. The reason of being optional plugin is, many task scheduling system are based on quartz-scheduler, this will caused duplicate tracing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Plugin of quartz-scheduler-2.x in the optional plugin folder. The reason for being an optional plugin is, many task scheduling systems are based on quartz-scheduler, this will cause duplicate tracing and link different sub-tasks as they share the same quartz level trigger, such as ElasticJob.
```
